AWS Technical Essentials introduces you to essential Amazon Web Services and common solutions. The course covers the fundamental AWS concepts related to compute, database, storage, networking, monitoring, and security. You will start working in AWS through hands-on course experiences. The course covers the concepts necessary to increase your understanding of AWS services, so that you can make informed decisions about solutions that meet business requirements. Throughout the course, you will gain information on how to build, compare, and apply highly available, fault tolerant, scalable, and cost-effective cloud solutions.

Course level: Fundamental
Duration:4 Hours

Activities
This course includes reading text, interactive lessons, videos, demonstrations, and knowledge check questions.

Course objectives
In this course, you will learn to do the following:

Describe terminology and concepts related to AWS services.
Navigate the AWS Management Console.
Articulate key concepts of AWS security measures and AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM).
Distinguish between several AWS compute services, including Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) and AWS Lambda.
Distinguish between several AWS container services, including Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) and Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Services (Amazon EKS).
Describe AWS database and storage offerings, including Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS), Amazon DynamoDB, and Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3).
Explore AWS networking services.
Access and configure Amazon CloudWatch monitoring features.
Intended audience
This course is intended for the following roles:

Individuals responsible for articulating technical benefits of AWS services to customers
Individuals interested in learning how to get started with AWS
SysOps administrators
Solutions architects
Developers
Prerequisites
We recommend that attendees of this course have the following background:

IT experience
Basic knowledge of common data center architectures and components (servers, networking, databases, applications, and so on)
No prior cloud computing or AWS experience is required.
Course outline
Course Introduction

Lesson 1: How to Use This Course
Lesson 2: Welcome to the Course
Lesson 3: Meet the Instructors
Module 1: Introduction to Amazon Web Services

Lesson 4: What Is AWS?
Lesson 5: AWS Global Infrastructure
Lesson 6: Interacting with AWS
Lesson 7: Security and the AWS Shared Responsibility Model
Lesson 8: Protecting the AWS Root User
Lesson 9: AWS Identity and Access Management
Lesson 10: Demonstration: Implementing Security with IAM
Lesson 11: Hosting the Employee Directory Application on AWS
Lesson 12: Module 1 Knowledge Check
Module 2: AWS Compute

Lesson 13: Compute as a Service
Lesson 14: Getting Started with Amazon EC2
Lesson 15: Amazon EC2 Instance Lifecycle
Lesson 16: Demonstration: Launching the Employee Directory Application on Amazon EC2
Lesson 17: Container Services
Lesson 18: Introduction to Serverless
Lesson 19: Serverless with AWS Fargate
Lesson 20: Serverless with AWS Lambda
Lesson 21: Choosing the Right Compute Service
Lesson 22: Module 2 Knowledge Check
Module 3: AWS Networking

Lesson 23: Introduction to Networking
Lesson 24: Amazon VPC
Lesson 25: Amazon VPC Routing
Lesson 26: Amazon VPC Security
Lesson 27: Demonstration: Relaunching the Employee Directory Application in Amazon EC2
Lesson 28: Module 3 Knowledge Check
Module 4: AWS Storage

Lesson 29: Storage Types
Lesson 30: File Storage with Amazon EFS and Amazon FSx
Lesson 31: Block Storage with Amazon EC2 Instance Store and Amazon EBS
Lesson 32: Object Storage with Amazon S3
Lesson 33: Choosing the Right Storage Service
Lesson 34: Demonstration: Creating an Amazon S3 Bucket
Lesson 35: Module 4 Knowledge Check
Module 5: Databases on AWS

Lesson 36: Introduction to Databases on AWS
Lesson 37: Amazon RDS
Lesson 38: Purpose-Built Databases
Lesson 39: Amazon DynamoDB
Lesson 40: Choosing the Right Database Service
Lesson 41: Demonstration: Implementing and Managing Amazon DynamoDB
Lesson 42: Module 5 Knowledge Check
Module 6: Monitoring, Load Balancing, and Scaling

Lesson 43: Monitoring
Lesson 44: Amazon CloudWatch
Lesson 45: Solution Optimization
Lesson 46: Traffic Routing with Elastic Load Balancing
Lesson 47: Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
Lesson 48: Demonstration: Making the Employee Directory Application Highly Available
Lesson 49: Employee Directory Application Redesign
Lesson 50: Module 6 Knowledge Check
What’s New

Lesson 51: Innovation with AWS
End of Course Assessment

Lesson 52: End of Course Assessment
Thank You and Feedback

Lesson 53: Thank You and Feedback
