Hey everyone. My name is Morgan Willis. I'm a Principal Cloud Technologist with AWS. What that means is I essentially build things, learn AWS, and then I get to share my knowledge with you all. I had a career in software development before I started working and training in certification here at AWS. I really love technology and have been in the field for over 10 years, in rolls from technical support to database administration to web application development. And while it's true that I do love technology, I also have a regular life outside of work where I'd like to hike in a beautiful sun, rain, sleet, or snow. I also like to ski and really enjoy just about any outdoor activity all seasons of the year. I'm looking forward to helping you navigate the world of AWS over the coming lessons. And this here is Meowzy, he's my trusted sidekick. He spends time with me while I type away on my computer, and I think he's picked up a thing or two over the years. His knowledge of AWS at this point is pretty great for a cat. I think I can even hear him sneaking on my computer in the middle of the night to build his own solutions on AWS. I have a feeling his knowledge will come in handy for this course. More on that later.

- Hey y'all, I'm Seph. I'm a Cloud Technologist with AWS, and I've been working with the AWS Cloud for close to 15 years. Like Morgan, I have spent most of that time learning, building, and sharing my knowledge with customers like yourself. In addition to my experience with AWS, I have worked in a variety of industries and I've been on both the data center and the cloud side of infrastructures. Outside of my life in tech, I mostly enjoy spending time with friends, which primarily includes my 4-year-old wonder dog named Fluffy. Speaking of Fluffy, sometimes I think she knows more about AWS than she lets on. Every once in a while, I notice her drawing AWS architectures in a journal and I wonder where she learned all of this. She can't bring me the ball back when we play fetch, but she always wags her tail when I mention cloud computing. I think Fluffy has something to say about cloud computing, so stay tuned for some of her helpful tips and tricks. 
